Tweak managed fed docs to decommission duplicates in router (#2598)
apollographql/federation: docs/source/managed-federation/setup.mdx

2. Run the `rover subgraph publish` command, providing it your subgraph's schema in one of the ways shown:

    ```bash
    # Provide a local .graphql file path
    rover subgraph publish my-graph@my-variant --name products --routing-url http://products-graphql.svc.cluster.local:4001/ --schema ./schema.graphql 

    # Provide an introspection result via stdin
    rover subgraph introspect http://localhost:4000 | rover subgraph publish my-graph@my-variant --name products --routing-url http://products-graphql.svc.cluster.local:4001/ --schema -
    ```

As you register your subgraph schemas, the schema registry attempts to **compose** their latest versions into a single **supergraph schema**. Whenever composition succeeds, your managed router can fetch the latest supergraph schema from GraphOS.

You can also manually fetch your latest supergraph schema with the `rover supergraph fetch` command, or retrieve it from your graph's **Schema > SDL** tab in GraphOS Studio.

## 3. Modify your router's startup command

<ExpansionPanel title="Using Apollo Gateway?">

> If you've already set up Apollo Federation _without_ conneting your gateway to GraphOS, the constructor of your `ApolloGateway` instance probably includes a `supergraphSdl` option, like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've already set up Apollo Federation _without_ connecting your gateway to GraphOS, the constructor of your `ApolloGateway` instance probably includes a `supergraphSdl` option, like this:
```

Reviewer: I'm disappointed our spell checker didn't catch this, I had to double check that it was working at all! It is working, and it thinks that `conneting` is a word.

Author: Gasp! I am ashamed 😞

_Remove_ the `--supergraph` option (but leave `--config` if it's present):

```sh
./router --config ./router.yaml
```

> With managed federation, composition is instead performed by _GraphOS_, and the router regularly polls for an updated schema. This enables you to add, remove, and modify your subgraphs _without_ needing to restart your router.

## 4. Connect your router to GraphOS

Like your subgraphs, your router uses a graph API key to identify itself to GraphOS.

<ObtainGraphApiKey />

After obtaining your graph API key, you set the following environment variables in your router's environment:

- `APOLLO_KEY` (set this to your graph API key)
- `APOLLO_GRAPH_REF`
    - This variable tells the router which variant of which graph to use (for example, `docs-example-graph@production`). You can find your variant's graph ref at the very top of its README page in GraphOS Studio.

## 5. Deploy the modified router

You can now deploy your modified router to begin fetching your supergraph schema from GraphOS instead of using a locally generated one.

> On startup, your router will use its API key to fetch its federation config from GraphOS. It can then begin executing operations across your subgraphs.

Reviewer: I think "federation config" is an ancient reference to the original gateway's method for constructing a supergraph, I think we can get rid of it 😄

```suggestion
On startup, your router will use its API key to fetch its supergraph from GraphOS. It can then begin executing operations across your subgraphs.
```
